hey everyone um happy new year I hope
you had a lovely christmas and a happy
new year Oh every this year will be a
good deer for everybody and yeah so I
partied last night and um yeah but today
I'm going to see some friends so I'm
kind of like force myself to get up but
i'm going to show you a very quick
company halt many people have asked me
that i got for christmas i'm not going
to show everything because i don't have
time and the battery is really low E the
camera right now so first of all to show
you about my little gift that I got and
ask it's really I love it and I open
everything that I'm just going to show
you yeah so it's Bichette I'm the old
person in the world listen how this but
now I do have it it's cute so I'm like
ready yeah I got a perfume from kartay
from my uncle front got me this one yeah
i reckin like the packaging oh it's nice
it's like very uh it's flowery but musky
ah so that's cool yeah I got a I got
this anel Chanel jewelry yeah but this
comes this is a fashion to worry about
that it's only they have this edition
that they have where everything is real
it's called fine jewelry of Chanel where
things are like real like the goal is
really to needed camera matte gold with
real pearls and real diamonds on the
center of the flower so I can't ask you
comes in this pouch as well
yeah so I got bvlgari necklace which
comes in very ugly box think you wanted
to give you a big one but I didn't have
to look if they give you the small one
which I didn't like but anyway so yeah
it's like that too vogue re is like in
the circle and you clip it together yeah
and then friend of mine gave you this
necklace she went to Lebanon she got
busy with earrings just so cute and yeah
well uh yeah I got news from Rome or my
brother-in-law he's a priest as he's so
cute giving me this like usually gives
me like crosses and rotary to Bible
every year but this one is like
different so he's cute thank you so
that's it i'm da i'll show you what i'm
wearing my role it's golden diamond a
cocktail ring metallic sweater this is
from H&M my hermes belt lock gold my
Birkin yeah dainik schwartz from zara
because of the leggings from hmm the
socks i got it from japan actually it's
a knee-length socks that i layered over
the already leggings or over the tights
and i'm just wearing this flat ballet
shoes with a golden tip because i want
to be comfortable today i hate walking
and getting uncomfortable with those
stilettos and stuff wherever so anyway I
hope you like it thank you guys for
watching bye